README.md, before:

# How-is-the-weather
## Features
- The date and time are appended to the header of the website and updates upon page refresh.
- When the user searches for a city they are presented with a list of city options to choose from.
- When the user selects the desired city they are presented with the current and future weather conditions.
- Recently searched cities are appended to the list of historical searches as selectable buttons. 
- When viewing the current weather conditions for the city the city name, icon representing weather conditions, temperature, humidity, wind speed, and UV index are presented.
- The UV index changes color depending on the UV index value for the city. 
- When viewing the future weather conditions for the city, the date/time, icon representing weather conditions, temperature, wind speed, and humidity are presented.
- When selecting a historical search button the current and future weather conditions for the city are presented.

## Techniques user to design the assessment
- Arrays
- Bootstrap
- Conditions
- DOM API Methods
- Dynamically Generated HTML Elements
- Functions
- Iconic
- jQuery
- localStorage
- Moment.js
- Query String Parameters
- Server-side API & Fetch
- Variables

## Mockup Images
[John Martin - Weather Dashboard Website](https://gemsjohn.github.io/How-is-the-weather/)

### Header & Search Bard
![Weather Dashboard Header](https://github.com/gemsjohn/How-is-the-weather/blob/main/assets/img/wb_header.png)

### Current Weather Data & Historical Searches
![Weather Dashboard Current Data & Historical Searches](https://github.com/gemsjohn/How-is-the-weather/blob/main/assets/img/wb_current_recentsearch.png)

### 5 Day Forecast
![Weather Dashboard 5 Day Forecast](https://github.com/gemsjohn/How-is-the-weather/blob/main/assets/img/wb_forecast.png)

Commit message:

updated the readme file to include an application description. also added a gitignore and include the DS_Store reference.

README.md, after:

# How-is-the-weather
## Application Description
Find out what the current and 5 day weather forecast is for your city before you travel! Enter a city name, select from a list of cities, and determine if it is a good time to travel. 

## Features
- The date and time are appended to the header of the website and updates upon page refresh.
- When the user searches for a city they are presented with a list of city options to choose from.
- When the user selects the desired city they are presented with the current and future weather conditions.
- Recently searched cities are appended to the list of historical searches as selectable buttons. 
- When viewing the current weather conditions for the city the city name, icon representing weather conditions, temperature, humidity, wind speed, and UV index are presented.
- The UV index changes color depending on the UV index value for the city. 
- When viewing the future weather conditions for the city, the date/time, icon representing weather conditions, temperature, wind speed, and humidity are presented.
- When selecting a historical search button the current and future weather conditions for the city are presented.

## Techniques user to design the assessment
- Arrays
- Bootstrap
- Conditions
- DOM API Methods
- Dynamically Generated HTML Elements
- Functions
- Iconic
- jQuery
- localStorage
- Moment.js
- Query String Parameters
- Server-side API & Fetch
- Variables

## Mockup Images
[John Martin - Weather Dashboard Website](https://gemsjohn.github.io/How-is-the-weather/)

### Header & Search Bard
![Weather Dashboard Header](https://github.com/gemsjohn/How-is-the-weather/blob/main/assets/img/wd_1.png)

### Current Weather Data & Historical Searches
![Weather Dashboard Current Data & Historical Searches](https://github.com/gemsjohn/How-is-the-weather/blob/main/assets/img/wd_2.png)

### 5 Day Forecast
![Weather Dashboard 5 Day Forecast](https://github.com/gemsjohn/How-is-the-weather/blob/main/assets/img/wd_3.png)
